Add types for tuple extraction instructions with map element read and channel receive bases (#528)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/2021-04-20-tuple-types.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * Fixed a bug where data flow was not correctly computed through two-value index expressions (e.g. `got, ok := myMap[someIndex]`). This may lead to extra results from any dataflow query when an index expression would form part of an important dataflow path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where data flow was not correctly computed through two-value index expressions (for example, `got, ok := myMap[someIndex]`). This may lead to extra results from any dataflow query when an index expression would form part of an important dataflow path.
```
